The past is another country. 1987's just the Isle of Wight. Excuse me, do you mind not farting while I'm saving the world? We're fallin' through space, you and me, clinging to the skin of this tiny little world, and if we let go... An old friend of mine. Well, enemy. The stuff of nightmares reduced to an exhibit. I'm getting old. You look beautiful! ...considering. That you're human. And everybody lives, Rose! Everybody lives! I need more days like this! Go on, ask me anything; I'm on fire! I think you need a doctor.

t's called the TARDIS, this thing. T-A-R-D-I-S. That's Time And Relative Dimension In Space. That’s okay. Culture shock. Happens to the best of us. Nine hundred years of time and space, and I've never been slapped by someone's mother. And I'm looking for a blonde in a Union Jack. A specific one, mind, I didn't just wake up this morning with a craving. Nice to meet you, Rose. Fantastic! And everybody lives, Rose! Everybody lives! I need more days like this! Go on, ask me anything; I'm on fire!

Rose... before I go, I just want to tell you: you were fantastic. Absolutely fantastic. And do you know what? So was I! Fantastic! Run. Now, don't antagonize her. I love a happy medium! Excuse me, do you mind not farting while I'm saving the world? Nine hundred years of time and space, and I've never been slapped by someone's mother. And I'm looking for a blonde in a Union Jack. A specific one, mind, I didn't just wake up this morning with a craving. t's called the TARDIS, this thing. T-A-R-D-I-S. That's Time And Relative Dimension In Space. That’s okay. Culture shock. Happens to the best of us.

Nice to meet you, Rose. Excuse me, do you mind not farting while I'm saving the world? Lots of planets have a North. Do you wanna come with me? 'Cause if you do, then I should warn you — you're gonna see all sorts of things. Ghosts from the past. Aliens from the future. The day the Earth died in a ball of flame. It won't be quiet, it won't be safe, and it won't be calm. But I'll tell you what it will be: The trip of a lifetime! Your wish is my command. But be careful what you wish for. Rose... before I go, I just want to tell you: you were fantastic. Absolutely fantastic. And do you know what? So was I!

The past is another country. 1987's just the Isle of Wight. An old friend of mine. Well, enemy. The stuff of nightmares reduced to an exhibit. I'm getting old. Your wish is my command. But be careful what you wish for. And everybody lives, Rose! Everybody lives! I need more days like this! Go on, ask me anything; I'm on fire! Ricky, if I was to tell you what I was doing to the controls of my frankly magnificent timeship, would you even begin to understand? t's called the TARDIS, this thing. T-A-R-D-I-S. That's Time And Relative Dimension In Space. That’s okay. Culture shock. Happens to the best of us.

The past is another country. 1987's just the Isle of Wight. Do you wanna come with me? 'Cause if you do, then I should warn you — you're gonna see all sorts of things. Ghosts from the past. Aliens from the future. The day the Earth died in a ball of flame. It won't be quiet, it won't be safe, and it won't be calm. But I'll tell you what it will be: The trip of a lifetime! Nine hundred years of time and space, and I've never been slapped by someone's mother. I think you need a doctor. And I'm looking for a blonde in a Union Jack. A specific one, mind, I didn't just wake up this morning with a craving.

Lots of planets have a North. t's called the TARDIS, this thing. T-A-R-D-I-S. That's Time And Relative Dimension In Space. That’s okay. Culture shock. Happens to the best of us. An old friend of mine. Well, enemy. The stuff of nightmares reduced to an exhibit. I'm getting old. You look beautiful! ...considering. That you're human. Rose... before I go, I just want to tell you: you were fantastic. Absolutely fantastic. And do you know what? So was I! We're fallin' through space, you and me, clinging to the skin of this tiny little world, and if we let go...

And everybody lives, Rose! Everybody lives! I need more days like this! Go on, ask me anything; I'm on fire! Rose... before I go, I just want to tell you: you were fantastic. Absolutely fantastic. And do you know what? So was I! Nice to meet you, Rose. The thing is, Adam, time travel is like visiting Paris. You can't just read the guidebook, you've got to throw yourself in! Eat the food, use the wrong verbs, get charged double and end up kissing complete strangers! Or is that just me? Yeah, I came first in jiggery pokery, what about you?

Your wish is my command. But be careful what you wish for. One day, just one day, maybe I'll meet somebody who gets the whole 'don't wander off' thing. t's called the TARDIS, this thing. T-A-R-D-I-S. That's Time And Relative Dimension In Space. That’s okay. Culture shock. Happens to the best of us. Yeah, I came first in jiggery pokery, what about you? An old friend of mine. Well, enemy. The stuff of nightmares reduced to an exhibit. I'm getting old. The thing is, Adam, time travel is like visiting Paris. You can't just read the guidebook, you've got to throw yourself in! Eat the food, use the wrong verbs, get charged double and end up kissing complete strangers! Or is that just me?

Run. The past is another country. 1987's just the Isle of Wight. t's called the TARDIS, this thing. T-A-R-D-I-S. That's Time And Relative Dimension In Space. That’s okay. Culture shock. Happens to the best of us. And I'm looking for a blonde in a Union Jack. A specific one, mind, I didn't just wake up this morning with a craving. Lots of planets have a North. And everybody lives, Rose! Everybody lives! I need more days like this! Go on, ask me anything; I'm on fire! Excuse me, do you mind not farting while I'm saving the world?
